docs(google-workspace): remove nonexistent --services/--format flags from SKILL.md + anti-drift test (#77431)
NousResearch/hermes-agent: skills/productivity/google-workspace/SKILL.md

  Passwords) and takes 2 minutes to set up. No Google Cloud project needed.
  Load the himalaya skill and follow its setup instructions.

> - **Email + Calendar** → Continue with this skill. The current setup helper
>   requests the standard Google Workspace scope set; Google may still let the
>   user deselect individual permissions on the consent screen.
> 
> - **Calendar/Drive/Sheets/Docs only** → Continue with this skill. If the user
>   deselects unused permissions on the Google consent screen, Hermes stores the
>   subset Google actually grants and warns if some services may be unavailable.
> 
> - **Full Workspace access** → Continue with this skill and approve the full
>   scope set on the consent screen.

Reviewer: The phrase “standard Google Workspace scope set” obscures the material authority being requested. The helper requests every scope in `SCOPES`, including Gmail read/send/modify plus Calendar, Drive, Contacts, Sheets, and Docs. A minimal correction would be:

```suggestion
- **Email + Calendar** → Continue with this skill. The current setup helper
  requests every scope in `SCOPES`, including Gmail read/send/modify plus
  Calendar, Drive, Contacts, Sheets, and Docs. Google may let the user deselect
  individual permissions on the consent screen.

- **Calendar/Drive/Sheets/Docs only** → The same broad scope request applies;
  disclose it before continuing. Hermes stores the subset Google actually
  grants and warns if some services may be unavailable.

- **Full Workspace access** → Continue with this skill and approve the full
  scope set on the consent screen.
```
